Release r2.2 (Fall'25 M4) (#48)
camaraproject/Tenure: README.md

## Release Information

> **The latest public release of CAMARA Tenure is release [r2.2](https://github.com/camaraproject/Tenure/tree/r2.2)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**The latest public release of CAMARA Tenure is release [r2.2](https://github.com/camaraproject/Tenure/releases/tag/r2.2)**.
```

  * API definition **with inline documentation**:
    * [View it on ReDoc](https://redocly.github.io/redoc/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/Tenure/r2.2/code/API_definitions/kyc-tenure.yaml&nocors)
    * [View it on Swagger Editor](https://camaraproject.github.io/swagger-ui/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/camaraproject/Tenure/r2.2/code/API_definitions/kyc-tenure.yaml)
    * OpenAPI [YAML spec file](https://github.com/camaraproject/Tenure/blob/r2.2/code/API_definitions/kyc-tenure.yaml)
* Other releases of this sandbox repository are available [here](https://github.com/camaraproject/Tenure/releases)
* For changes see the [CHANGELOG.md](https://github.com/camaraproject/Tenure/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md)

Note: Please be aware that the project will have updates to the main branch. There are no compatibility guarantees associated with code in any branch, including main, until a new release is created. For example, changes may be reverted before a release is created. For best results, use the latest available release
## Contributing

> * Meetings and minutes see [KnowYourCustomer Meetings](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomer?tab=readme-ov-file#meetings)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Meetings and minutes see [KnowYourCustomer Meetings](https://lf-camaraproject.atlassian.net/wiki/x/FAje)
```

Reviewer 2: It is indeed better to link to the wiki for the information about KnowYourCustomer Meetings. But I suggest to point to the homepage with complete meeting information instead directly to the minutes:

```suggestion
* Meetings and minutes see [KnowYourCustomer Meetings](https://lf-camaraproject.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/CAM/pages/80117795/Know+Your+Customer)
```

Reviewer 2: > @hdamker , @fernandopradocabrillo , I would propose https://lf-camaraproject.atlassian.net/wiki/x/FAje better than https://lf-camaraproject.atlassian.net/wiki/x/I4DGB. But @hdamker you say that you prefer the second one ?

@GillesInnov35 Yes, I'm proposing https://lf-camaraproject.atlassian.net/wiki/x/I4DGB (the home of the Sub Project) because it contains both the meeting information (when the meetings are and the link to register/join) and the link to meeting minutes while https://lf-camaraproject.atlassian.net/wiki/x/FAje contains only the meeting minutes. The link is used here to replace the complete meeting information, not only the minutes, as far as I can see.
